it's okay we have one of them with us
said it's nothing oh this jaws broke oh
man that's just brutal oh my god you
guys never get to experience the
breaking of the head of yes yes we did
yeah I didn't think so
north to the fans later we need you
hey buddy how you doing or is it going
to put that hey this thing turned really
great is that mean looks mad no it's on
me I'm out of paralyzed bullets you
don't want to make more ok good restored
yeah cuz a shark is a great weapon to
use on him I think that hitting it but I
can't see it and thoroughly an effective
weapon to be using on its butt cuz it's
a camera
what I'm saying is if you're wanting to
hurt it I get it you're hammering
example I just shot this group is my
feet all know Ferb yeah we've already
quite as bad as any mother's happiness
try parenting this bitch before yelling
at us hahahaha nice oh really definitely
some black stuff bound by the anal
region that needs clean that's what I
work oh no I think that's a still
technically he is using the metaphor
he's using the medical turns 95 you have
another life doctor I'm just going to
make this between yeah let's let's let's
calm that stuff down a little bit and
it's dead Oh didn't be black okay I
apologize to anyone easily offended that
might be watching this I'm sorry if you
need to unsub anyone only do it today
well I'm fuck come on see you look I
said it in a joking matter so that
people would get that ready no they
won't you'll watch be back to pray oh
wait I gotta carve this thing that I was
too busy chasing down a little over
program it she'll crouch yeah yeah guess
what guys if you crouch your car fast
yeah that's going to be your catchphrase
produces
oh by the way you get two cars four
times on this usually it's the time took
big epic I think no way i don't think
i'm gonna get my last car because i was
full unfallen cramp yeah didn't get my
last color oh ok some hot water didn't
get the crap that he's never gonna use
any way they could sell it yeah we can
do a poached it waving a grub oh yeah
will show that you guys so you can see
the excitement yeah oh man I got 660
salutes locks remaining oh snap ha
alright so we beat that thing now and 13
minutes and we have a video that's 30
minutes and 48 seconds fuck God that was
my new longest record way did you stop
the recording no not yet ok yeah we can
do well approach waiver Negron I think
just to end of it all I don't think in
that time though like we'd have to do it
in about six minutes I think if whatever
like laughter we can do it or if we have
careful ok yeah I have a pretty good I
have a transporter set to UM alright
guys so the wrist this video is gonna be
really cool ferrets that I don't have I
have two things of temper I got Explorer
baby i hope i get explorer that's a fun
one ah whoops damn it enzo over we got a
real i gently reduced my all four lucky
cat we're doing good play today we have
to like hurry this up
do you know if I haven't megadeth before
where is it there we go that's important
and then I'm equip um remove items do I
need them come on come on all right I
have well done steaks I have dash juices
on I didn't get lander it was an option
but I didn't get it all right we have to
rush this I'll passport this bit too if
anything we could feed about the other
all right i'm gonna read the event quest
while you guys set up deliver nine
wyvern eggs deliver to y ver interiors
sever Wraith Ian's tail which we are not
doing any of those sub quest why hello I
mean hope I mean to hold a dinner party
but I've discovered the most dreadful
news I don't have enough eggs for my
recipe I simply mustn't disappoint my
guest so please save this supper yeah
sure by getting you giant dragon eggs
alright we have like we have four
clinics you have four minutes do you
guys know actually we have technically
about us we have about six minutes but
we need to go um I can't do it just come
on you can't do it Oh gone high enough
level oh crap is it 31 I thought it was
no is it yeah I go do whatever you want
fish hi Oh we'll have to looks like
we're not doing it will save this for
another time folks oh I feel know that
I'm already part of this would all right
I will have to stay perfect neck levels
will stop it here then and I'll just
yeah I hope next time folks hi everybody
Oh goodbye
you